All right, let me set the context for the video. In this video, we're understanding how do you build cloud agents from scratch? The architecture of building something like this. The kind of challenges that come if you want to build something like Devon, Warflux, cursor agent, what happens under the hood? What might be the architecture of these applications? How can you reverse engineer what they're doing? How would you build something like this if you were building a cloud agent? The challenges over here are slightly different and more significant compared to building a local CLI like cloud code or Devon CLI. So we'll understand what are the infra challenges here. What are the agent layer challenges? How does the agent talk to the front end? How do you improve the performance of the agent and how do you give a cloud agent access to your GitHub? If you do watch the video throughout, I'd urge you to try building something like this. As I said, this is a fairly vast project and you know there are bunch of things that you have to worry about. So if you're doing this from scratch, it'll probably take you 15 days to a month. If you're doing this using AI, it's probably doable in like a week like a V1, something like that. But there are a lot of reliability challenges at scale if you're actually building something like this for production. With that, without any further ado, let's get right into it. All right. Cloud agent already. Anyone who's tried building Devon Warflux cursor handoff? No one else? Three. All right. Uh hopefully it's we know what this is. Has anyone anyone tried Warflux or Devon? Have you ever tried running Warflux Devon? No. No. No. One, two. All right. Much more complicated of a problem statement compared to what we have done. Pi much easier. This much harder. Why? Lot of services to keep track of. This is like pi plus lovable plus a bunch of other things. Which is why this is not very easy. Um building this is not a one person thing. Building pi oneperson thing. Understandable. Building this you need a team, lot of services, lot of communication. We'll see everything. First question, why u why would you want to use something like Devon cloud versus claude code or Devon CLI? These are assumptions might be true, might be not. But a lot of people think we'll now hand off all coding tasks to the cloud which means developers will not be coding on their machine anymore. We started with you know something like this turbo C++ now now no one looks at it. VS Code did it for years intellig now no one looks at it. I mean you guys do because hand coding but in the industry no one is opening VS code or any you know neoim anything at all everyone is coding right now using this cool uh yeah the very vague assumption is okay we'll not be coding like this also we'll start coding using agents there are two big companies in this niche we have connects with both of them that is another reason to learn these things well cognition and warflux warf three people I've interviewed two have done well most probably two will proceed to the next round This one if anyone feels confident let me know they have two three India roles open um most of them are deell developer customer experience in the sense you will work with a company that is adopting Devon you will not be working on cognition main codebase developer experience roles but both of these places I have connects if you feel confident let me know this person is a very not a close friend to you know personally and they'll let you know the pros and cons you know hiring process a little rubric which means either very heavy on distributed systems or very heavy on DSA you know maybe that's the third thing infra they'll proceed with an interview but it'll be a very hard interview here I don't know what the interview process is but I'm assuming it'll be not not too difficult for this role developer experience you're not working on the cognition codebase this is what cognition devon looks like you might have seen warflux this is what it looks like both of do both of them do the exact same thing which is a cloud cloud coding agent which means you ask Warflux to do a task or some cloud machine. It's the simplest you know explanation for it. Um two main steps that you follow um once you sign up two difficult steps Marlo one what happens before the chat starts that is giving access to GitHub. Second what happens after the chat starts Devon used to do one thing which it doesn't do anymore. Warflux still does it which is when you link your GitHub when you link your GitHub it asks you some knowledge about your GitHub repository things like how do you start this codebase npm run start you know UV start cargo run how do you test this codebase npm run test cargo test etc how do you build this codebase because it can be different for different code bases I think Devon now just infers it from the codebase warflux still asks it up front you know what What are the build steps? What are the run tests? What are the test steps or which or knowledge base? Any other knowledge you want to give, you should give. So that is two extra things that happen before you actually start to chat. Does anyone know how to give a company like Cognition access to your GitHub pat tokens? You can pat tokens you'll ask the user token token. That is one way. There are a lot of downsides with that approach. Um what if that user leaves the company access because that specific user that gave the personal access token has now left. So that is a bad approach. That is one approach. When the user comes you ask him for personal access token you the user gives the personal access token to Devon and now Devon has access to all the repositories. Problem Devon work is a multi-user workspace. You can add other people to your organization. So if I add 10 developers to my organization and myself leave the organization, my PAT will become inactive. If I if my GitHub access to the organization is revoked, my PAT is no longer relevant. That is a bad approach. Any other approach? >> GitHub or correct. Exactly. U so GitHub lets you create apps and when you create a GitHub app, you can ask as a business other users, other businesses for their access to the repositories. So the steps to follow are you create a new GitHub app github.com/new. The things that you give it is number one what all access do you need on the end users repositories in our case we need to be able to read the contents right to the contents we need to be able to read pull requests metadata you can add more things here uh you might want to read CI actions you might want to trigger CI actions so you can make this more scoped less scoped depending on your use case this much is good enough of contents is also good enough contents and pull request so that the AI can create pull requests issues Sometimes you know the user might come and say uh please solve issue number 1 2 3. So it should be able to read issues. Check list. Um create a setup URL. This one's you know just like any other oath call back URL. Once a user comes goes to your app and clicks on install GitHub will hit this endpoint. You give GitHub that endpoint. GitHub will hit this endpoint with you know some access token something. That access token you can use in the future to access the user's repositories. If the user ever revokes your access, if the user ever goes to their GitHub and deletes your app, if I go to my GitHub, I can see you can see cognition app over there, lovable app over there. If I delete that, that code is no longer uh you know applicable. And then check these two things. Expire user authentication tokens and this both of these are not required. If you do the first one, then it'll give you a refresh token. Everyone understands arbback and access tokens versus refresh tokens. Do we know what access tokens and refresh tokens are? Anyone else? These two are needed. User metadata read. If you want to read the user's name, user's email, then you need uh you know request user authorization oath. We don't want that. We just want access to the repositories. I repeat, if you check the second box over here, you are telling GitHub, I want to ask user for access to these things on repositories. I also want to know about this user. I also want to know who is this user, what is their name, what is their profile picture. In our case, we don't really need that. So feel free to skip this also. But if you do need that metadata, you will check this off. Once you complete this, create a new GitHub app. It'll take you to a page like this. At the end of this page, there is a private key that you can generate. That is all that you need. If you want to read the user's repositories, which is what we want. If you want to read the user's you know metadata things like these then you need the secret you need this app client you know uh client ID and client secret if you don't need that just a private key at the end that you can use to sign JWTs okay what did we do created a new GitHub app at the end of this page there is a private key dumped that private key now you can now you have to create a backend endpoint that GitHub will hit whenever a user authenticates whenever user comes and approves Devon is allowed or in my case you know the name of the app is this weird name if it was Devon then user will go to the page and you know click on a button case Devon is allowed if they approve GitHub will hit this endpoint which where do I give this endpoint I give this endpoint over here the call back URL I tell GitHub whenever someone approves the repositories hit this endpoint of mine give me the access token code something you give me so that I know this user has approved approved and I can read their repositories. Clear? Standard Oathflow. If you've ever done login with Google, same thing. There's a callback URL. Similar thing here. No questions. Click here. Look at what the code looks like. What does GitHub return us? It returns us two things. An installation ID and a code. An installation ID and a code. We don't need this code. Actually, this code is only needed if you want to read the user's metadata. Things like these. Using this code, you can get the access token and refresh token for the user. Using this code, one-time usable code, you can hit a GitHub API function. I'll share the code. It will return you the access token and the refresh token. Store it if you want to read the user's metadata in the future. Other than that, all you need is the installation ID. As long as you have the installation ID and you have the private key at the end of this page that you can download that is enough to read the users repositories. That is all you need to read the users repositories which is what we want to create a pull request things like this. This is a one time installation code. This is the actual access tokens you can send back to get details about the user repos etc. Refresh token to refresh the access token whenever needed when a sandbox starts. Clear. Now if the user has done this given us access this is what happens if I go to devon.ai and if I add a new repository. So if I go here click on new repositories and add a new reposi let's see if there is an easy way. These are the repositories I've already linked. I'm sure there's a button or somewhere in settings I can go. I'll try uh connections GitHub settings configure add connection add to this organization. So when I click on this I get redirected to this page github.com/organization/ I already have it. If I did not have it, it'll lead me to a page. If I change it, maybe something happens. Either way, you get the idea. You have a connect button, you reach a page, you do it, and you know it gets linked. Up until that point, GitHub has access to your repositories. Now, now the question is if you start a chat with it, the sand it'll start a sandbox agent. The sandbox needs access to my GitHub to clone the repository after the changes are made to push to the repository. What token gets injected to the sandbox? This is a question I was discussing with Mohit the other day and this is one common vulnerability that I was trying on Devon a year ago. I also reportedly did not get a bounty for this one. The vulnerability is simple. Let's say I create an organization. I add a new member to my organization that I have I have given Devon access to my repositories. The new member comes creates a new session. Now somewhere in that terminal in that sandbox is my GitHub something that lets me push to GitHub that lets the sandbox push to GitHub. What if they dump that GitHub secret and whenever they leave the organization they still have that GitHub secret that was a vulnerability I was trying to attack. He also tried it. Devon and uh Warflux both do the same thing. In this case they do not put the access token the fresh token code in the sandbox. What they put is an installation token, a short 1 hour token that you can create which has access to either specific repositories or all the repositories. So given you have that private key, that private key can directly access the repositories or it can create these installation tokens. You can create as many of these as you want. Create these and then dump them in the sandbox. Now the sandbox has access to read from your GitHub, write it to your GitHub for 1 hour. If 1 hour has passed, it's a very longunning sandbox. Refresh. refresh. Clear. Cool. Okay. Uh this is what it looks like. The get installation code function. It creates a new private key. The first thing it does is sorry creates a new JWT. Get app JWT. The JWT is created and signed using the private key that GitHub dumped. GitHub organization private key. You create a JWT using it. You hit a GitHub endpoint with that JWT and it returns you a you know onetime token. This token is valid for 1 hour. This token has access to that repository. You can also give it some body parameters here to you know give access to only one repository or you know five repositories something like that. Okay. Any questions on this? How do you give it access to your GitHub? I tried it works. I can share the code mostly if I put it but this is what it you know looked like it was whatever this code is it was eventually able to clone one of my repositories that I gave it access to so as long as it can clone my repository can also push to the repository that means the flow works that is one mildly hard bit of devon compared to pi now comes the second one which is what happens when you start chat usually when you start chat in Devon you will tag a repository Okay, you know inside this repository I want to change. But let's say I have a front end and a back end repository and the code change that I want to make is in both front end and back end. It is a new feature that I have to add that has backend changes also front end changes also. Can I tag two repositories here? Probably a good feature because in the real world you have like sometimes three repositories all depending on each other. A single feature requires changes in all three repositories. You can tag three repositories here. Then the question comes when I start this chat the sandbox that starts will it have all three of these repositories? It will. Hello. Hello. It will have all three of these repositories. So the next question that I have is let's say I started you know Devon session with back end and front end two repositories. It started a sandbox. It has both of my repositories code over there making changes etc etc. Now that chat is done that session has ended on the left. Now what if I start a new session with a third repository? The sandbox that starts will it have three repositories or just one? >> Huh? >> Exactly. Will it use will it not reuse? >> Huh? It has all three. Warflux Devon both do this. Every user seems like gets like a real virtual machine but it seems like every user gets a real virtual machine and everything that you are doing is happening on that one real virtual machine. If you put two projects here session is done put a third one you will find all three repositories on that sandbox for some reason. I don't know if it's good or bad mostly sounds bad but there's probably a good reason for it. every user seems like it's like a single VM and I don't know if you're running it parallelly are the is the sandbox shared get work trees through know same sandbox yeah there are three sandbox that have all those base repositories something happens mostly I feel it is a single machine only some single virtual machine that you are given and all agents are working on the same machine I could be wrong but at the very least it is sure issue whatever state the sandbox was left in whenever you start The next issue, the sandbox seems to start with the same, you know, state. It has the same repository, some diff left over from the old one. If you start a session, you know, there's some diff that is left, some temporary files that are left. You start a new session, they're still over there for some reason. Sounds bad, but for some reason, it exists. It's almost like every developer, they've given one machine, and it's like that one developer is working on that one machine remotely. It's not like every session is a fresh sandbox where only one repository is cloned for a user. All of their sessions are happening on the same machine. It seems that is very bad. What if you have five sessions all fixing the same code? How will that work? >> Exactly. Git workerries have already solved this locally also. When you work, you have three things solving the same folder. Right? Here also the same thing can happen and hence yes get work trees will fix if it does happen you know it's just that the sandbox image is same it has repo 1 repo 2 repo 3 but there's a new sandbox I'm not sure if there are two sessions are they literally sharing the same sandbox or is it two separate sandboxes with the same set of folders initially >> but I If if you're mounting that means both of them are using the same storage question are they using the same mount because then that introduces a new bunch of challenges right work versus it just sounds right every session should get its own sandbox for some reason I think it is merged we should confirm we'll confirm in a bit if it is merged then they're using git work trees to make sure parallel work gets through cool any questions until this point what happens S when you click on this button I have given it a repository and asked it to fish fix a specific issue let's say or given it some text you know make the background black what should happen when you click on this button what all services should start if at all what should the front end send to the back end Correct. >> Bul sounds right. You start a new sandbox. You clone the repository over there. You inject a GitHub token. You run the agent. Does the agent run inside the sandbox or not? Should the agent What is the better approach? Should it be inside? Should it be outside? The agent loop should run inside the sandbox. Okay. Anyone who wants to take the other side outside the one who knows if he turns inside then I can simply go to Devon start a session open the terminal over here and read through their agent right I can literally read what their agent looks like if the session runs in the same sandbox where the code is for example this is the sandbox where the code is running you can see the code over here. You can edit the code over here. You can explore the folders. So I can see the repos and notice there are two repos here. Even though this issue was only meant for this repo that sort of tells you, okay, even though the issue was meant for this repo, my sandbox contains both the repos. So probably same sandbox is being shared across all the sessions. That is the first thing we talked about. Second thing is user has access to this. They can if the agent is running over here only can can't they read the agent loop then they can go to that specific folder wherever your agent loop is running ls and read what the code you know the the agent is doing or can they not? Is there a way to prevent that? Can we run the agent loop over here without the user having access to it? any other >> okay yeah I mean that's the right direction yeah you have access to everything here but you can create folders and you can say when the user is opening the sandbox the user that you've given access to this user the Ubuntu user does not have access to a specific speific folder. You can do that. You can create a folder where the agent loop is running. You can run it using pseudo super user and you can say this user that the user got access to the end user got access to Ubuntu does not have access to that. You can you know sort of keep that uh you can protect your agent like that. But that does not happen. Almost everyone runs the agent outside. [clears throat] So this is what would happen when you start a chat. it would start a new sandbox and there is what all runs inside the sandbox initially you know you clone the repo you run nk install whatever I think this is another reason why they share sandboxes first time a repo comes here I repeat first time the repo comes here conser folders h first time the repo gets cloned you have to run npm install set it up Right. But if you have all the repos cached here. If I go to CMS for example. Oh, it doesn't have node modules. CD source H. It doesn't have node modules. So most probably it does not share sandboxes across sessions. Node modules. It has two repos in there for some reason. It doesn't need the CMS repo. It still has it. But I have used CMS repo in the past in one of these other issues. Whenever that issue was solved, npm install was done there. I don't see node modules here. What does that tell you? That tells you it does not share sandboxes. It is a fresh sandbox. For some reason, it has repos that this issue does not need, but it is not shared. It is not the same sandbox that two agents are parallely working on. Every agent gets its own sandbox, which sounds better. Clear? Maybe confirm about we we'll create two sessions in one sandbox. We'll add a file. We'll see can we see it in the other sandbox. After that happens, question is where does the agent run? It runs outside. They have a separate agent form Skype blog post. Lang chain sandboxes is what Devon uses. inside or outside. You said it's outside. Brain. Correct. Correct. To cognition has this other service for it's called a brain which actually runs all the final agents. Agents are all running separately. Cognition agent set of machines. When I say agent, I mean the agent loop. Sandbox is different. Agent loop is separate. This is what talks to the LM. So whenever you send a request to chat, it needs to start a sandbox. Number one, it needs to talk to the agent's phone and start an agent over there. Agent will figure out a issue here. It will talk to the LM. LM will say I want to do a tool call read file. So that means agent form needs to talk to the sandbox read file, write file etc. How does the front end get the messages back? Agent, you know, read file, write file, etc., etc. A bunch of tool calls happen. How do you show them on the UI? Web soockets. There is this other thing we use, right? Side events. So that's what almost everyone uses. I also agree websocket sounds cleaner for this, but everyone uses server side events. will use the same thing. So that means agent swarm will talk to the sandbox also talk to the front end through the back end and tell it change why you change what it'll also put things in the database. If you refresh the page you will see all the chat etc. Uh what all do you think runs inside the sandbox now? Huh? Sandbox services. There might be more actually, but it does run a browser. That means there's a literal browser that is started in this sandbox and you can actually get the video stream of that browser on your front end. If you go to Devon, there is a section here called the browser, which is a real browser that is started on every sandbox. You can see that browser. You can also control that browser something like this. So sandbox has your code is running a real browser so that if this has you know started npm run start you can actually go to local o 3000 and see the website you can actually see does it look good does it look bad clear the sandbox is in the background running one this process the second process that the sandbox is running is this code server No, but it's a very big W more than browser. This is very heavy. The VS code running on a sandbox on a cloud machine is very heavy. So that is why for Devon the machine the sandbox that you're starting needs at least eight CPUs. So it's like pretty expensive. If you have 20 sessions running you're using 20 into eight these many CPUs on the cloud somewhere. So this is very comput intensive but they do provide it. They probably shouldn't most devices they are not opening the editor. they want it to fix it and you know do it itself but they provide all of these things so every sandbox of theirs is very big it is running code server which is like a open- source original initial fork of VS codes or browser and you can also browser runs on a server but it can get streamed to the browser like this it's actually running on the server only any changes you make over here will go to the server you can add files delete files etc you can parallely edit with Devon so your sandbox needs to run um the browser a code server. Both of them streaming to the front end. Front end is literally connected to your sandbox on two different ports. One for reading the browser video stream, one for connecting to code server. This is what a Devon workspace eventually looks like. I asked it to fix one issue. You know, can you change the background to black? Something like that. Um it did a bunch of tool calls and you know, fixed the final thing. This is the final after change. You know, after it was done with everything, it created a pull request on my GitHub with the final set of fixes. There are a few things here at the top, a few tabs that you can go through. This tells you Mhm. >> We might switch on >> We might switch on to the cloud. Oh, people will. Huh? Huh? Huh. I don't know. People are very busy. I guess they would rather do 20 t spin off 20 tasks. I don't know man. I don't know if it's true or not. Like coding locally only. Probably we'll stick that way but I don't know. Cool. Um few tabs over here. Progress tells you current tool call that is happening. If there's a read file happening I'm reading the file. This is the file contents. If there's a right file happening, it shows you write file is happening etc. Shows you the current tool call that is happening. Browser you can connect to if you want you can connect localost 3000. You can see what is happening inside the browser. Um sorry you know inside the machine the sandboxes might run a rust back end on port 553 to you will not be able to hit it directly from the internet. This lets you hit it through you know a browser. If it does start sub aents you can track them here. there are two sub agents that are running and you know they're doing this they're doing this the final vstor you can make parallel changes I think if you make parallel changes yeah you'll the agent will go crazy you know it might read a file you'll change the file so probably you know don't do it if the agent is running don't run the editor I would assume um current set of gif if you open this it just runs gif on that folder shows you the complete diff in a specific format if it does create a PR it'll show you the PR over here one cool thing it does is it also takes screenshots and you know shows them for front end issues so you know it shows them in the chat at interface you can track what changed given this what all tool calls you think their agent has is it any different from the tool calls we had in pi bash tool is the only thing that you need for an agent to code so do you think this only has the bash tool or does it have other things >> short though skills That is one. What else? Look at what all can the agent do. Agent and whenever the agent wants to do something, it has to ask someone else. Please file update. It has to ask someone else. File update. Exactly. There is probably a tool that it calls take screenshot whose job is to open the front start the front end open the front end take the first screenshot page take all the screenshots dump them in chat >> whatever might be a sub agent might not be a sub aent might be a simple tool call either way there is probably a tool in Devon that the LM can call called uh you know take screenshot and send to chat whose job is to start the front end take a screenshot with the changes send it to the chat over That is one extra tool that Devil needs. Devon probably has. What other tools can you think of that Devon might have? >> Mhm. >> Correct. >> For what? For what? >> Okay. Correct. >> Okay. It'll just initiate a tool called take screenshot and response finally, right? It's like read file. Similarly, take screenshot and send back to me. It's all another tool. Anything else? One thing that Deon Cognition does is if you ask it to change something literally browser change something in signup, it'll open the browser. It will click on the sign up button. It will click on the input box. It'll type the thing. It'll click on the password. Type the password. Click on sign up and then test >> playright. Huh? You know correct? So, you know what set of tools are necessary for this? They it uses playright. Correct. Um one is a shell tool. One thing that they have that is very different from pi. Their shell tool is it it lets you create a new shell. The first tool they have is create new shell. Just like you see no shells. I can click on plus create a new shell. Click on plus create a new shell. It creates one shell first and then it writes to the shell. ls read file, write file, whatever. Um, so it creates a single shell and then calls a write to tool. One tool start new shell. Second tool inside this shell with this ID, run ls. Inside this shell with this ID, run pwd, run touch a.ts, etc. And you can see that terminal that session over here. Click on it. You history. The agent started a session and the agent started to send these 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 commands in that specific shell session that is slightly different from how we have created bol a key or you know it's just a single call single call single call it can parallely create three shells and write to all three shells parallely all three of them will also show up on the UI over here clear the editor is also it has a standard read file update file Create file, delete file. Um, bunch of extra things probably after a lot of hit and trial. Undo. It is a nice one. Okay, you know, might have changed something and then you know, undo it. It does, it has a lot of tools that look very close to how humans work, which is we change something with command Z. Um, and what is one other thing that we do whenever we're coding commonly, we hover on references, we hover on function definitions, we use the LSP. So it also has all like a bunch of tools for the LSP. It'll give the function name. It should get all the references of that function. It gets a definition of that function. Things like these browser. This tool gets you know whatever. Navigate browser. View browser. Why? Click on a specific button. Click on these coordinates etc. All set of tools for controlling the browser if it ever needs to control it. Deployment. Deploy front. Huh. Yeah. One more extra thing that you know I don't know if Warflex provides yet. Devon does. It lets you deploy projects also deploy the front end, deploy the back end, expose a port. They use fly io for it. How many of you have used fly io? If you know what flyio is, you know, [snorts] it's uh think of it like a managed sort of like kubernetes but not kubernetes fleet of machines that you can use serverless. Um so it's very close to kubernetes but you know very different also. Um it makes it it's like a render network slightly closer to that. It's very easy to deploy over there which is why these guys use the same thing they write a lot of file IO you know config files deployer front end deployer back end and if you if the back end needs to be exposed to the internet another tool call for exposing the port this is one set of tool calls that they have each individually very hard the last one probably very hard you know if a change has been made deploy front end needs to figure out this is the front end is it a next front end is it a react front end deploy it somewhere give the user the end URL Same for back end. Figure out is this a rust back end. If it is a rust back end, write the fly.io config files for it, deploy it on fly.io, get the URL, etc. Um, this in itself is a bunch of hard tools and overall also you know decent list of tools, more tools. Um, intuitively a lot of times it gets stuck you know the project is connecting to send grid which is an external service. I don't have an API key for it. Please give me API key. So it should have a question tool of sorts you know user question. So you know message user wait for the response from a user things like these all of these should trigger a real message on the chat and the agent should stop. Okay. Now the user is sending a message I should wait when the user sends a very close to user can select question. Exactly same thing a bunch of git GitHub tools read an issue create a PR things like these person might come to the website and simply write fix issue number 1 2 3 you get the idea it should be able to read uh issue number one 123 then lastly all MCP servers um you know it has linear is a popular one that almost everyone would have uh most big companies have their issue tracking on linear um to access to that MCP server if the user has given their linear access to Devon. It can read issues, write issues, triage issues, etc. Which one of these tools is harder to implement? Say hard conment. I agree. Second hard LSP is pretty hard. There are a lot of languages having language LSP running on that sandbox. You know, that's probably hard. browser is hard, controlling the browser. Browsers are very finicky on sandboxes. They start, they stop randomly. So, you know, making it reliable is hard. Uh everything else is simple. I think LSP, browser, deployment are the three hard tools that they have. All the others are, you know, not that difficult of tools to implement. Editor shell for Pi user interaction. These three we have done. create GitHub which should be very simple given you have the access token these are the only three extra new tools that we need to understand how to build them and how they work list probably they probably did not support deployments initially then that's why I said you know you need a lot of developers in the team to work on this now there's probably a team that's simply working on deployments deployment tool call hand call their service gets called it's their job to actually deploy the front end deploy the back end figure out what to deploy etc um a v1 probably looks like this but it's like the code that I had shared before to generate git github and the pi coding agent that you had running as a separate service in a swarm like this so I'm assuming that part is easy uh basically yeah agent the same set of tools have done only extra thing is github how do you clone the repository into the sandbox that's the only hard bit So >> maybe bunch of ways you know can be probably not SSH. Uh >> I know I know how do they talk question how does the agent I mean this question has been solved once in a very popular assignment initially in super 30. Does anyone remember how can you run an agent separately but do tool calls in a sandbox? assignment. Exactly. The assignment was agent run separately tool calls happen in a separate sandbox. In that case, in case of Ashid, he was sending it through a queue and then it was reaching and loop back logically through it can be that you know put a queue two-sided queue agent puts it in the queue. The sandbox picks it up does the thing responses to the queue. That is one. Um yeah. create them websockets though whatever the protocol doesn't matter question is a tool call has happened but that is the exact assignment how do you make sure a tool call that is happening over here gets executed over here cool this is like a common use case like a lot of people would want this agent separate sandbox final separate agent should not run inside the sandbox uh I think v1 good I mean might be good to build a v1 like this um and you know wipe code the UI should be very simple to build you know a version maybe browser would be one more thing I would add here for v1 that would be good enough but there are a lot of small small challenges here like you can build an agent like this but UI browser show if the tool call happened to create a new shell does that shell pop up over here automatically you know small things like these would be very hard to a lot of edge cases to to track so well again like a full stack challenge I would say but more than a AI challenge this is also like a way syncing backends front end sort of a challenge. Um the other question which you asked also is okay what protocols to use you know if you send a high message to backend pay how is it going is it HTTP serverside events how are how is the agent swarm talking to the sandbox you can figure out through this it's very hard but I tried class conversation end point [snorts] they're not using websockets for some reason there is no HTTP endoint also like when I send high I don't see a new request going out when you see this page refresh. No websocket connection here. I click on high. Press enter. No HTTP request here. The back end message. If I don't see it here as an HTTP request, I also don't see a web soocket connection. How is a high message reaching the back end? What's your next thought? >> Event stream. Huh? >> You will see that see that here though, right? If there is an event stream that's probably the right answer I would say uh probably there was a event stream that was started up that that I missed. So most probably that is the answer. Generally my thought is to see if it is being sent by a web RTC which is usually not the case wasn't the case here also but one thought that can come is one way to send data to the back end without it showing up here is to send it by WebRTC. Then the way to track it is over here then you'll see like a web server connection here sorry webc connection here. But you are right most probably it is that. Let's try. So what I was trying before the class was this. I was refreshing the page and probably one of these is a serverside event you know request that I can't see that you know I I missed because if I clear this and send hi let me clear it enter notice no new request goes there's like a data log request this channels request did not really contain the message hi to I don't know how the front end is sending this high message to the back end or how the front end is receiving the response. But you're right, most probably somewhere up in the history there is a persistent serverside event connection that has created and that is where the streaming is happening from. Is there a way to track that event through that icon? Yeah, is say like can we filter just server side events? I'm assuming not or through the icon. That might be like a good experiment to do to actually figure out how the front end is talking to the back end. How is the back end responding? Because I couldn't find like a an easy way. I would assume it's server side events, but I could be wrong. $50. How did you find it? Why? Why? left side. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, overview. Okay. Huh. Oh okay. Good. So it's websockets. Front end talks to back say you already understand front you know websockets very well. So this connection is a websocket connection. Lot of things are happening. You know agent is talking to sandbox somehow. Agent is talking to the back end also. If there's a chat message in the back end that should reach the front end. So there's probably you know my agent has a queue that reaches the sandbox as well as this guy as well as the database. There is a tool call that happens that needs to reach the database that needs to reach this guy that needs to reach this guy. So it's probably publishing to a queue all three of them a DB polar sandbox this is picking from there. Sandbox is responding to a queue that is also being picked by the back end that is also being picked by the database. It's probably like some sort of a queue that these two are talking through and then this is a simple backend front end websocket connection. Great. Any other questions? The only thing is way in case of lovable you had the same base image every time. It was always a react project that you started off with. Here it can be anything. Uh uh if you and deploying was very easy because you simply deploy to you know a CDN. Here deploying will be hard. Flyio fly is like a CDN for backs. Flyio is sort of the answer to this. That is probably why they they use fly io for deployments. Um uh what else is different? Well, this has like 100 different tools that did not have enough tools. LSP this can rewrite to your GitHub. Even versel may you can add that functionality. What else? How is it different from lovable? Lovable I'm sure has MCP. We have MCP. H it shows a real VS code editor. Lovable shows you know your own editor app you roll your own editor sort of a thing right here it's real websocket real whatever VS code running that's pretty much it more challenging I think compared to level any more questions H >> correct. >> Recording in progress. >> Correct. >> Correct. Start a repository. And and when you send al image that image will have not just the code but the dependencies everything right they could actually they could right now the thing is agents when you give it a task rarely will it install dependencies build Correct. >> I get it. I get it. But what's the benefit of having an image that has all the dependencies? If you do create an image, it will be at a specific commit, right? Correct. Yeah. Yeah. >> That is a very downside. Okay. If you start editing yourself while the LM is working, things will go a little crazy. It's the same as if you're running a coding agent locally and then you start to edit yourself. >> Where exactly you store these? I mean, I would assume they're using E2B. E2B lets you publish images. If they are using E2, it's pretty simple. Like they have a registry. You can publish whatever image you want over there. More questions. >> What about sandboxing? How do you run the agent separately and the sandbox separately? >> Oh, correct. Test. Let's do that. I'm pretty sure. But let's try it. So I have two different deon sessions for two different repositories at CMS CMS. So school CMS uh make background black and at Joby Flappy Bird. Oh, actually this one make background black. If I start both of these together, are they sharing the sandbox or not? random repository but I doubt the sandbox is shared. Let's confirm. Let me start VS Code over here. Let me start VS code over here. You can also right click inspect and you know see what the I frame looks like. But for some reason, let's see, but I don't think the sandboxes are shared. You'll see editor. Yeah. Any more questions? Recording in progress. >> VS Code. >> [clears throat] >> You're saying there's the next step if you want to go beyond this is live data agents autonomously fix I know intelligence does the same thing now they used to do PR first now they connect to sentry and you know data dog and your observability tools they figure out they track and then they fix commit that is also like a nice thing to do um that is very explanatory right now which is connecting to your live observability tools figuring out if something is wrong and then autonomously fixing. What is the project you're talking about? client. Okay, whatever it it's a it's a website like Deon that connects to your and if there is a bug there also fixes that fix deploy and then it checks good that is a good extension to this among the connections you have here add like a sentry connection deploy and then your agent is still running and checking your logs and making sure that is one way to do it the other way to do it is retrospectively okay there is a an an agent that is constantly running constantly going through your uh sentry logs and if there is a bug that shows up it goes to your GitHub repository gets the recent set of PRs that have been merged figures out PR revers the PR or fixes the issue so on and so forth that might be a good thing to do after this so we've done a good thing to build after that even was telling me they're working on a lot of nice the next set of products building are like pretty interesting. So we'll see mostly if you stick to this only like this is enough alpha for any company if you know full stacks this is the only extra new thing that most people don't know that you can talk through in an interview or experiential devops interviews but these are I think good set of projects to keep building after this what next to build after this is you know we can discuss cool more questions what we can do on Tuesdaysman assignment and it's a very interesting assignment it is What [snorts] terminal bench framework harbor the underlying evals framework that they have made the assignment is simple assignment framework. And because I can change the assignment a bit and then share but I think what we can do on Tuesday this might require Python now. But we can do this. We can try the assignment that Osman is doing now and write EVAL's probably one that fails on 4.8 which is the exact assignment that has been given to us man right now. One is a good skill to know two I'm hopeful connected they might have like in bulk if they do feel like you know if you can basically create a an issue today that 4.8 can't solve then you anyways are a very you know that's like a valuable skill. It's very hard to find a coding issue that Opus 4.8 can't solve. It's that long. It should at least involve 100 interactions. That is what the assignment says. The issue should be that difficult. You know how do you how do you use Harbor to write evals? One that thing to learn. Second is your own cognitive abilities. Can you actually find an issue in a repository that Opus 4.8 can't solve after like 100 interactions through like an agent like cloud code? We can do this on Tuesday. If you want something else, we do something else. Tuesday, do you [snorts] guys need like a Python primer? Python see. Do you guys want classes on Python? You know what is a class? What is a decorator? Things like these. Yes or no, guys? If you guys want he can come. Problem is I just realized he's moved to Bangalore. I'll have to check. So basically then just make sure you're comfortable with Python syntax because this involves Python. Cool. Tuesday. Anything else that you guys want to do on Tuesday? Cool. All right. We'll see you on Tuesday. Bye-bye. Do you guys more want more interviews? One-on-one ts. Cool. So, let's do that every week. Every week, Akash, Rahul, Sukam will take, you know, we'll distribute you in three batches and then you guys don't you don't apply for interviews. So, we'll just assign a time. We'll share a sheet. You guys have an interview at this time. Just give your interview. Cool.